Uniform HTTP errors for invalid logins. (#31)
digitalbazaar/bedrock-authn-token-http: CHANGELOG.md

# bedrock-authn-token-http ChangeLog

> ## 8.1.0 - 2023-06-08

Reviewer: We update this when releasing.
```suggestion
## 8.1.0 - 2023-06-xx
```

### Fixed

> - Uniform HTTP errors with invalid username hitting `/hash-parameters`.
>   Return fake hash parameters in case of invalid username.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Return uniform errors from `/authn/tokens/<token-type>/hash-parameters`.
- Return fake hash parameters in case of invalid account information.

### Added
- Introduce `hmacKey` in options to be used when generating fake tokens.
- Introduce `jitter` in options to obfuscate timing.

```

> 

Reviewer: Should mention and/or refer to the new related config options.  In particular, it should be noted that `hmacKey` needs to be set to whatever it should be.
